ladies and gentlemen this is the
motivation of supercharged of the 21st
century Kevin teen Robertson America's
leading focus expert here to cover the
home opener for the Baltimore charm
lingerie football league is going down
big baby right here on the Kevin si
Robertson show but we're bringing the
world in the focus for right here with
the one and only baby Albert Haynesworth
when the cavity Robinson show Albert
nice to meet you man great to have you
on the show hey what brings you out to
support lingerie football league tonight
besides the obvious
right nothing else said always wanted to
come out here and you know watch some
good football so that's what we did we
came down here to watch what do you
think about women competing in sports
thing is awesome because you know what
if you look at when women competed mean
they go all out there's like no holding
back all or nothing how much focus at
the end of your career to achieve your
success yeah you definitely gotta focus
you gotta work at it you know it is a
game but it's not a game it you know it
takes a whole lot of work so I I've been
playing football since I was six years
old never missed a year you know so kind
of learn the game and got good at it
okay I got you one last question for you
Albert for some young kid is looking at
the program right now the words the
inspiration with you happening to keep
focus on it goes and keep striving in
life that will stay in school NFL's a
small market any we do make it to the
NFL average career is only three years
so you know it's look smart they can
never take that away from you they can
take away or your physical ability I
mean you could be hurt and all that
stuff but it can never take your mind
away hey stay focus on education you
heard it right here on the cavity
Robinson show but Albert Haynesworth
it's the motivational supercharger right
here for the ladies lingerie football
league first mariner arena right here
with the one and only alba hands worth
going down big on the cavity robinson
show we're bringing the world in the
focus haha the supercharger here with
wide receiver and quarterback of the
Baltimore charm right here on the cavity
Robinson show miss Kelly can with Kelly
how are you nice to see you against we
are no doubt no doubt I wouldn't miss it
for the world i season opener you guys
lost the game but tell me what you
learned from the loss today you know
actually we we should as bad as it
sounds we cut the loss in half literally
in half we lost my 60 last time we lost
by 33 this time and that's what we lost
in the first half last time so this
it's definitely a game change for us we
picked it up we picked it up we went
hard we just have to take it up just one
notch I think the play-calling was a lot
better i think we were in position a lot
better and i think we went against the
number one team tonight as well now we
now you know now we've done that now we
can get the rest of the teams all the
way exactly that's what Coach wall said
he just said that you know you guys
prepared very well despite the score the
game was very competitive the crowd
really loved it now my next question is
people love you guys so much and
Baltimore how does it feel when you
gotta make you feel it's amazing the
support from Baltimore is wonderful we
need more though guys we want to see the
stands packs right war we're here to
stay you know you got the Orioles you
got the Ravens now you got the charm got
the females we're here to stay we need
your support you know you had some big
supporters in the art and the crowd as
well adri was here from the Baltimore
Ravens Willis McGahee and also from the
Redskins took a little drive down the
beltway Albert Haynesworth is here as
well oh yeah we interview we interviewed
all of them so it's all good they love
you they love you how much focus do you
have in your career on and off the field
to achieve your success you know I went
to Penn State I'm a Penn State Alumni so
obviously I you know I'm driven for a
you know to learn and everything like
that and then to be a full-time worker
and a full-time athlete you know this
that's my whole team that's not just me
we're all motivated and dedicated and we
just want to you know we just want to
get out there yeah rise to the top
prices what kind of keep your focus we
are very nice to see you again baby hey
listen is the motivation of supercharged
of the 21st century right here with
kelly campbell baby goes down big
baltimore charm all season long when the
cavity robinson show where we bring in
the world in the focus
Robert such a break Wow